# flag   type    name    class                   action
deny    handle  *       *                       *

# bookmarks
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   browse
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   member
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   tags
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   read
allow   owner   +       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   edit
allow   handle  +       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   add
allow   owner   +       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   delete
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Bookmarks   search

# members
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Members     browse
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Members     read
allow   owner   +       Proxima_App_Members     edit
allow   handle  ?       Proxima_App_Members     add
allow   owner   +       Proxima_App_Members     delete
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Members     search
allow   handle  ?       Proxima_App_Members     register
allow   handle  ?       Proxima_App_Members     forgot
allow   handle  ?       Proxima_App_Members     reset
allow   owner   +       Proxima_App_Members     passwd
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Members     login
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Members     logout
allow   handle  *       Proxima_App_Members     activate
